then if it's like what the fuck is this
shit that look at this what kind of luck
is this man Lippmann dillards Ellis my
nigga only haters holiday can tell us
niggas wanna get loose in the wheels in
a way but just gonna be a loser to me
and Diller killer talkin bout hide your
pill Casper niggas off it in the color
back slapping your neck while you're
coming in practice you're bluffing and
you ain't said nothing is fat go is long
please anyway I'm straight hot the trees
your girl know when Allah she's gonna
get on the knees turn it up y'all niggas
must be out of your head if your sister
made up to the rest
mr. Lee way is to replay if the relay is
Stan MC producing DJ's I do this shit
without the shell v-power three way
you're coming off like a she lay anyway
I pista AG peach Pete Rock Darmody
pieces AG y'all niggas wildlife wildlife
animals halibel cannibals what else Oh
Mel bashes womanizers nymphos bigger
than the guidance add my shop what else
fine one minute like pretty women some
ass woman some tension woman mostly
shitty women y'all niggas must be out of
your head of your sister made up to the
ring
you